README.md, before:


# Welcome to my CFG Degree repository! :joystick:

## Introduction
Hiya, my name's Lottie and I'm an aspiring Full Stack Developer! I live in London with my two dogs Watson and Chewie. I love running, reading, hiking and heading to the pub with pals! 

Here I'll be showcasing all I've learned on the *FullStack* course from _Code First Girls_. I'll be learning to use the following languages, frameworks & libraries 

* JavaScript 
* SQL
* React
* TypeScript
* Node

I'm super excited to get started <sup>and really hope this summer is a rainy one</sup>

Thanks for visiting, feedback is always appreciated and here's a **Top Tip** from one of our lead instructors

> “Run the Bloody Code!" _Kenny, circa 2024_

<sub>[click for a surprise!](https://cactusballs.github.io/Yeehonk/)</sub>

## Assignment 1: Git & GitHub :boom:

Assignment 1 evidence and screenshots [here](https://cactusballs.github.io/CFGPublic/)

### Assignment 1 checklist 
- [x] add a checklist
- [x] Create a README
- [x] use at least 6 different markdown styles
- [x] Create .gitignore and explain what it's for
- [x] Explain what a requirements.txt  
- [x] work on a file and demonstrate knowledge of Git & Github.
- [ ] get full marks! :zany_face:

Commit message:

Updating README.md
removing link to live site and explaining coding files/screenshots

README.md, after:


# Welcome to my CFG Degree repository! :joystick:

## Introduction
Hiya, my name's Lottie and I'm an aspiring Full Stack Developer! I live in London with my two dogs Watson and Chewie. I love running, reading, hiking and heading to the pub with pals! 

Here I'll be showcasing all I've learned on the *FullStack* course from _Code First Girls_. I'll be learning to use the following languages, frameworks & libraries 

* JavaScript 
* SQL
* React
* TypeScript
* Node

I'm super excited to get started <sup>and really hope this summer is a rainy one</sup>

Thanks for visiting, feedback is always appreciated and here's a **Top Tip** from one of our lead instructors

> “Run the Bloody Code!" _Kenny, circa 2024_

<sub>[click for a surprise!](https://cactusballs.github.io/Yeehonk/)</sub>

## Assignment 1: Git & GitHub :boom:

_Assignment 1 evidence and screenshots in the code files. I made a static site to display them but couldn't use pages to make it live due to being a private repository._ 

### Assignment 1 checklist 
- [x] add a checklist
- [x] Create a README
- [x] use at least 6 different markdown styles
- [x] Create .gitignore and explain what it's for
- [x] Explain what a requirements.txt  
- [x] work on a file and demonstrate knowledge of Git & Github.
- [ ] get full marks! :zany_face:
